docs: create volume spec page (#13353)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/other-specifications/volume/capability.mdx

name         = "database"
type         = "csi"
plugin_id    = "ebs-prod"
capacity_max = "200G"
capacity_min = "100G"

capability {
  access_mode     = "single-node-reader-only"
  attachment_mode = "file-system"
}
```

You must provide at least one `capability` block, and you must provide a block
for each capability you intend to use in a job's [`volume`] block.

## `capability` Parameters

- `access_mode` `(string: <required>)` - Defines whether a volume should be
available concurrently. Can be one of `"single-node-reader-only"`,
`"single-node-writer"`, `"multi-node-reader-only"`,
`"multi-node-single-writer"`, or `"multi-node-multi-writer"`. Most CSI plugins
support only single-node modes. Consult the documentation of the storage
provider and CSI plugin.

- `attachment_mode` `(string: <required>)` - The storage API that will be used
by the volume. Most storage providers will support `"file-system"`, to mount
volumes using the CSI filesystem API. Some storage providers will support
`"block-device"`, which will mount the volume with the CSI block device API
within the container.

## `capability` Examples

The following examples only show the `capability` blocks. Remember that the

> `capability` block is only valid in the placements listed above.

Reviewer: There's only a single valid placement:

```suggestion
`capability` block is only valid in the placement shown above.
```
